---
title : "Create an Amazon S3 Bucket"
date: "2023-07-15"
weight : 2
chapter : false
pre : " <b> 3.1.2 </b> "
---

#### Create an Amazon S3 Bucket

##### You need to create an Amazon S3 bucket to store all the audio files generated by your application. You create a bucket with a unique name, such as audioposts-123456789 .

1. At the top of the AWS Management Console, in the search bar, search for and select S3.

2. Select **Create Bucket** and configure the following details:

- Bucket name: **audioposts-NUMBER**
- Replace NUMBER with a random number
- Copy the bucket name into a text editor when you use the bucket name later.

- Under Object Ownership, select ACLs enabled
- Under Block all public access settings for this bucket, uncheck Block all public access, and then uncheck all other options.

**Note**: All individual options remain unchecked. When you uncheck all public access, you must select the individual options that apply to your situation and security goals. In production, it is recommended to use the least permissive setting possible.

A warning box appears that reads: Turning off Block all public access may make this bucket and its objects public. AWS recommends that you leave Block all public access enabled unless public access is required for specific and verified use cases, such as hosting a static website.

- Select the checkbox next to I acknowledge that the current settings may make this bucket and its objects public.

- Select **Create Bucket**.

**Note**: Each Amazon S3 bucket must have a unique name.

Caution: If you receive an error that says The requested bucket name is not available, select the Edit link at the top, change the bucket name, and try again until it works.